[Filebeat] Document parallel processing for s3 input (#13715)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/docs/inputs/input-aws-s3.asciidoc

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ways-to-add-notification-config-to-bucket.html#step1-create-sqs-queue-for-notification[create-sqs-queue-for-notification]
for more details.

[float]
=== Parallel Processing

> Multiple Filebeat instances can read from the same SQS queues at the same time. This

Reviewer: We should be more direct here. I also wonder if all these details are required because they make the content harder to read. How about this instead?

<hr>
To horizontally scale processing when there are large amounts of log data
flowing into an S3 bucket, you can run multiple {beatname_uc} instances that
read from the same SQS queues at the same time. No additional configuration is
required.
<hr>

BTW, the words "amount" and "number" have different usages. Your original sentence would have required "number" which sounded a little off, so I edited it. Here's a grammar explanation if you're interested: https://www.enago.com/academy/understanding-the-difference-between-number-and-amount/

Author: Good to know, done. Thank you!

feature helps users to horizontally scale the processing when there are large
amount of logs flowing into S3 bucket which leads to large amount of messages
going through the queue. No additional configuration is needed for this.

> The usage of SQS ensures that each message in the queue is processed only once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using SQS ensures that each message in the queue is processed only once
```

even with multiple Filebeat running in parallel. To prevent other consumers, which
is Filebeat in this case, from processing the message again, visibility timeout

> can be set to prevent other consumers from receiving and processing the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> message again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The visibility timeout begins when SQS returns a message to Filebeat.
During this time, Filebeat processes and deletes the message. However, if
Filebeat fails before deleting the message and your system doesn't call the
DeleteMessage action for that message before the visibility timeout expires, the

> message becomes visible to other Filebeats and the message is received again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message becomes visible to other {beatname_uc} instances, and the message is received again.
```

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ways-to-add-notification-config-to-bucket.html#step1-create-sqs-queue-for-notification[create-sqs-queue-for-notification]
for more details.

[float]
=== Parallel Processing
Running multiple Filebeat instances in parallel to read from the same SQS queue
is available for all users without any extra configuration for s3 input. This
feature helps users to horizontally scale the processing when there are large
amount of logs flowing into S3 bucket which leads to large amount of messages

> going through the queue.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence in this paragraph sounds a bit odd to me, what do you think about rephrasing it to something like this:
```
Multiple Filebeat instances can read from the same SQS queues at the same time. This
feature helps users to horizontally scale the processing when there are large
amount of logs flowing into S3 bucket which leads to large amount of messages
going through the queue. No additional configuration is needed for this.
```

Author: A lot better 😂 Thank you!!!

even with multiple Filebeat running in parallel. To prevent other consumers, which
is Filebeat in this case, from processing the message again, visibility timeout
can be set to prevent other consumers from receiving and processing the same
message again.

The visibility timeout begins when SQS returns a message to Filebeat.
During this time, Filebeat processes and deletes the message. However, if
Filebeat fails before deleting the message and your system doesn't call the
DeleteMessage action for that message before the visibility timeout expires, the
message becomes visible to other Filebeats and the message is received again.
By default, visibility timeout is set to 5 minutes for s3 input in Filebeat.
5-minute is high enough for SQS message to be read and related s3 log files to
be processed.

A basic test was done with three Filebeats running in parallel pointing to the same
SQS queue in AWS. There were 1000 messages available in the queue and each message
notifies a new S3 log has been generated. These S3 logs are simple .txt files and
each contains 10 log lines. With three Filebeats, the messages were processed

> evenly without duplicating or missing messages. Test result looks like:

Reviewer 2: Just to clarify, with this comment I refer just to this paragraph and the following table, the previous paragraphs are great here :slightly_smiling_face:

> evenly without duplicating or missing messages. Test result looks like:

Reviewer 2: And if this is placed in a README you can also refer to the testing PR (https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/13457) for more data.

> evenly without duplicating or missing messages. Test result looks like:

Author: ahh good point! I will make the changes! Thanks!
